hey guys what is up we're back me and
Brian episode 2 of jailbreak we left you
a skies aye we left you last time on not
figuring out this next puzzle but then
we figured it out if we if you watched
back in another episode if you go the
crates and look at the bowls the first
stack is 3 the next stack is 5 and the
next stack is 8 so we decided to put the
lovers down 358 hit the button in the
doors open so now we can move on you
ready run yeah all rights go all right
not everything has to to explode mmm so
choose your path carefully or you could
just pick it to the next room at the I
can't read that one what does it say the
risk of your legs blowing up alright so
one of these probably activates TNT so
we're just gonna book it okay for Narnia
alright says hot none of those plates
what those plates were dangerous I
tricked you I bet you you're glad that I
didn't wire them with TNT okay all right
be careful in here because there's
probably something water so this one
says just blow the wall down and this
one is push this after you you have the
correct combination all right
let's see put you down no boom happened
in here and I just there's a target on
your back that's not targets a shield
well you know it looks like a target
Brian and you all know my dad always
says he says when in doubt go do some
target practice appreciate does not say
that you're right he doesn't hear i'll
hit there we both of us hit a read on at
the same time and then all right we pull
this one down first pull that down then
we pull this one down pull that one down
all right there can't be that many
combinations yeah all right so 3 times 3
equals actually I have no idea how to
fear how many combinations are could
possibly me why aren't the combinations
working here pull down pull down only
the red ones and then hit the red button
yeah I pushed it nothing happened I'll
try pong down the green one now oh never
mind Brian yeah do you see that yeah you
start right here pick up all this stuff
but don't place any of it down all right
looks like that worked somehow I don't
really know how I congratulations you
have completed my task without dying you
must be a smart cookie too bad for me
but lucky for you the actually isn't far
you may leave go prisoner for far wet
farewell he spoiled a favor on what up
whatever well done you have earned it
don't forget to leave me feedback on the
forms thanks playing a venture map it's
not really it that would that sucks I
don't suck those good men that's it
though it's done no more so that way
that's gay wait what whatever did you
put on to do it both reds and then the
green not off the green up and then I
pressed it and then I pulled the green
down and then
kind of happened I don't know if it was
a special order but apparently that was
it actually it might not be it there
might be something secret so we'll go
watch youtube videos on it because we
actually didn't really watch all a bunch
of YouTube videos on we just decided to
play because it looked pretty cool so
that was actually really short so
hopefully there's a secret room but so
yeah guys don't worry I'll be doing more
of this with brian and logan hopefully i
can do start up doing low startup doing
a minecraft nap with logan again but
yeah guys so thanks for watching I was a
pretty easy map will come back to you
with another episode if there's a secret
room of some sort but I'm probably
doubting it so thanks for watching guys
and got anything to say Brian look
forward to another one later alright
guys see